hey guys I pick this up with a
disclaimer commentary is not complaint
I'm going to make some comments now in
response to someone who wrote to me with
a constructive suggestion about how I
should change my content on YouTube
understandable different people perceive
me in different ways on a really deep
level I do think my approach to this art
form to YouTube my approach to what I do
on the microphone it is influenced by
rap music by hip-hop one of the elements
of hip-hop one of its few redeeming
characteristics I guess is that people
very strongly feel in the culture that
when you come in the microphone it has
to reflect what's going on in your life
right now um and you know that's an
issue it's a limitation to the art form
also some rappers say look I can't make
rap music about being poor anymore
because I'm not poor you know yeah I
know my fans still really love my songs
that recorded 20 years ago about being
poor and hopeless and hating my parents
and hating my teachers at school but
that's not my life anymore now I'm
wealthy and whatever and my music asked
reflect what's going on my life so
there's a push and pull between audience
and artists that way a lot of the time
the audience wants to hear the artists
still rap about still perform a set a
set of sentiments set of concerns that
were very vivid and real for that artist
when the artist was 16 years old but
when the artist gets the 26 and 36
that's not what their life is about
anymore it's not that perspective and
it's not real now you know as simple as
it sounds I would never come on this
microphone and pretend to be happy when
I'm not happy and like in a sense
there's nothing wrong with that it's
just a different genre from what I do I
think if you're a bartender every day
you got to go to work and stand behind
the bar and poor someone a glass of beer
and pretend to be happy when you're not
happy back when I worked at starbucks I
had to go to Starbucks every day and
pretend to be happy you know what I mean
to some extent you got up you gotta put
on a smile on face if you were a dental
hygienist whatever they're all those
jobs but what i'm doing here is not
phony in that way i am going to give it
to you raw i'm going to keep it real and
like for me it
inconceivable I would I wouldn't it does
not even occur to me neither when I'm
working alone with the camera nor when I
talk to people over skype and do you
know interviews or conversations people
it is inconceivable to me that I would
come on and say wow you know vancouver
british columbia just has the most
supportive at wonderful vagin community
and my experience with my fellow vegans
on the west coast of Canada was just
fabulous and you people are that best
and i love you it does not enter my mind
as a possibility you know what i mean
all the time whether i'm talking alone
in a monologue or dial other people to
say i keep it realz is like yeah you
know what yeah i met vegans face-to-face
i was living in canada and it's all bad
news is right and i got no hope and I am
NOT looking forward to cooperating with
any of them they're all hopeless and you
know i mean the flip side of that is
when i say i have hope for someone else
when i say like hey you know what vegan
gains he's a little bit kooky but i
actually have hope i can cooperate with
him in the future and get something done
then it means something right i'm not
saying hey everyone's fabulous think i'm
worth everybody mod vegan if you hear
the whole contact the whole podcast i
did with mod vegan mod vegan also a
little bit eccentric but i got hope and
you know sure I'm positive about my
vegan I think we can make something
really great happen in Canada in the
future sometime next 5 years I've no
clue sure you know there are people
there are specific people where I say
hey I'm hopeful of God optimism we can
get organized it can make something
happen but it does not even enter into
my mind as a possibility to be as phony
as you would be going to work as a
bartender or as a you know as a waitress
in a coffee restaurant or that kind of
thing it's a very spare art form what we
do here on YouTube you know what I mean
I've said it before said again I feel
like honesty is the only currency we've
got and if I'm not keeping it 100 what's
the point man so I'm going to read this
constructive suggestion i got from katie
kaufman on youtube it's a public youtube
comment so stated blow one of my videos
Katie Kaufman says quote on many levels
I can appreciate your mindset and the
approach you take as you say to move
toward a vegan world close quote that is
actually what vegan mojo says it's not
really my phrase vegan mojo is really
the guy talks with moving towards of
evil and end end of digression I
continued quote however I simply cannot
keep waiting through each videos
constant pessimism to get to your
intended message it is not helpful that
this is the way you criticize the vegan
movement try to offer more on your
opinions in a less not this sense close
quote so yeah I'm not mad not angry
she's looking at it from a very
different perspective which is fine um
I'm guessing she doesn't listen to rap
music where she me just listen to a very
different genre with you in rap music
let's let's be generous here she doesn't
listen to DMX doesn't listen to little
be whatever I was my camera gonna stay
out of focus alright cool serious my
reply I said uh you're wrong it is
helpful and it is real these videos
reflect what's going on in my life and
what's going on in the movement as it is
known to me this pause even you're
talking about victoria bc vancouver bc
talking about one part of canada maybe
there's really positive stuff happening
there I don't have any contact with it I
don't know about it I talked to other
vegans who are still in University some
of them have pretty positive situations
on their university campus where there's
a vegan group they were having some
vegan events the beacon activism that's
really positive okay that's not my
experience my experience on my campus
with my campus group were very very very
negative Jordan if you're watching this
you know what
I'm talking about oh I could say some
things with my experience of vegan vegan
activism on my online university campus
um so you know I'm not gonna fake it I'm
not going to come on here and talk about
an imaginary political movement that
doesn't exist in the real world I'm
gonna talk about I'm gonna give it to
you wrong I'm going to talk about what I
know and what I experienced and how I
feel and my current outlook and yeah
that does include some optimism it's not
all pessimism but it never enters my
mind to be fake owning this stuff get
but Americans in here so I've got to be
honest about what's going on and
movement as it is known to me important
caveat I'm literally in court with
another vegan who defamed me threatened
to beat me up etc because I dared to
criticize his diet book and his claims
to having cured incurable diseases okay
pause so you know I'm talking about
their claim to cure schizophrenia claim
to cure Crohn's disease etc from certain
well-known guy named durianrider in
court with you know there were other
people who've you know what i want to
say attacked me denounced me by saying
by pointing out that what I'm doing in
this in this situation is taking another
vegan the court instead of taking me to
court how do you think I feel about it
how do you think that makes me feel
about the movement I'm a human being to
don't don't talk about me like I don't
have a heart yeah I would much rather be
in court with you know the cartoonish
owner of a you know meatpacking
corporations that make sure I would
that's better I'd rather be fighting the
good fight to advance veganism being in
court with you know some caricature of
the evil meatpacking industry that we're
all morally opposed to right I didn't
have that choice I'd have that option
you know I didn't choose this you know I
also feel bad about that and that's
reflected in exactly this kind of
context right
um if I read a book that I agreed with
or even that I respected enough to
disagree with respectfully that's what
you hear on my channel that's not the
situation for me and that's not the
situation for veganism as I know it the
videos are bleak because my life is
bleak and your opinion isn't even worth
one dollar to me because you never join
patreon you cheap such a [ __ ] having
some fun there um but you know I mean
the point I'm making here is basically
I'm not pretending either way I'm not
pretending to be disappointed I'm not
pretending to be pissed off not
pretending to be angry but I'm also not
going to pretend to be delighted with
the state of the movement when this is
the state of the movement as I know it
if your problem is as Katie complains
that you can't wait through the
pessimism of what I'm saying in these
videos that all I got to say is my
videos are not for you because I know
that my videos give a lot of hope and
courage to people who are dealing with
the same frustrations with the same
obstacles who are struggling against the
same pessimism to try to make something
positive happen despite all of the
terrible unforgivable problems and
insanity that's within the vegan
movement today and if you want to be on
some other channel that's going to
pretend that you know everything is
hunky-dory there everything's going
great in the movement when it's not you
know there are already a lot of channels
do that they're up so that's it better
I'm for worse I'm the guy who's going to
give it to you or off